(LC esports English class translation) At this moment we are here
It’s the final of the Paris midsea season. Now with me is Candice.
Or if Yu Yu is good, I am right.
Let’s talk about this event.
This interview has you come to witness
The first problem is the rest of the frost
What do you think about the mid-season itinerary
I really like this MSI because
This is my first report and interview with MSI.
Really excited
Have you been to Europe before?
I have been to the 2016 All-Star Game in Spain.
I didn't make a mistake.
You think this time
How do you feel in Berlin and our current Paris game?
I think the scene is awesome.
Especially the audience here in Paris
They will smudge me and don’t know what it means.
Collective child Ke Ke
Not only dirt but also
Wang Wang, I don’t know that I just like it.
What do you think of the game?
Because we have to watch the match between KZ and RNG.
They have to meet each other and fight the bayonet
I think you are sure to be happy now.
Because RNG scored the final
I hope they can win MSI this time.
Because this is the first time ever
The five of them know each other very well.
Teamwork between teams is also doing well
The puppy is also gaining momentum. I think this year RNG can do it.
Ok, when everyone sees this video they will know if you are right or wrong.
So they may feel sorry for you or feel happy for you, I don’t know.
Such a long event can sometimes be fun but sometimes it can be exhausting
Am I happy about going home?
I am so happy.
Because I am a little sick
So I want to take a few days off and maybe I can see my boyfriend.
In addition to my boyfriend, I miss my hometown, like I miss my hometown. I know that I really want Mexican pancakes.
I miss my bed, I miss everything.
I think my 喵 I have two 喵 I also want my bed, my computer, I don’t have time to play LOL here.
Because I don’t have a notebook in Europe, I don’t have a server or an account, so I really miss everything in China.
Yeah, that’s too bad. In China, they don’t do special pre-game broadcasts. It’s like the game’s commentary.
Because in North America, we have Kobe and Phreak will explain
I don't know 诶
Maybe they may or may not do it.
Let's talk about the rest of the game. RNG reached the final.
Is there any team that won you, happy, or which team lost, making you uncomfortable?
In fact, I watched the video that you lost in the liquid you made today.
I feel sorry for them. Are you tears in your eyes? Is it true tears?
(余霜) How do you feel about it (who interviewed) my tears?
Yeah, we lost a lot of pain. It’s a fun video. My colleague doesn’t have a strong light.
Sorrow and joy, the audience will think if they are serious or just play
We like to make the audience unpredictable because the video really feels like both.
Because the video you sent today is like the last day of the group match.
So I don't want your tears to accompany you for the night. I feel the same.
I feel quite sorry about this.
But RNG beat the barbecue stall on the fourth day of the group match. When it’s not on the roast pig team.
I was so shocked that time.
Because everyone thinks that RNG has to be killed by KZ.
But we are back, I am so proud of them.
The team’s wonderful operation is also very eye-catching
At the beginning of the group stage, the RNG performance was very different. Win, lose, win, lose, win, win. Yes, we win every game.
Very strange, I don’t know why they are like that.
Time difference problem, they don't have time.... It's only a day for them to prepare. Right?
It’s not easy, so you can go back and go for a few days. What do you want to do?
Next, we have some projects that I need to host in our summer game and I want to take some shows.
- Is it a LOL show? -of course
Are you now LOL in addition to working hours?
- Yeah. - Very good, I like it.
Because I really like to fight, I don’t know that some people may play half of their lives.
But I really like to play, but my LOL level also has B number in my heart.
I only have gold 4 now. I still want to practice more. Maybe I can achieve this. I don't know.
- Diamond Bar - Diamond? Do you want to drill? I thought you wanted to say platinum but you gave me the diamond directly.
I believe that you can drill on it. You just said that you are now gold 4 and behind platinum is that you have to jump two paragraphs.
Sister wants to play blind
- Are you playing wild? - No, but my sister tried to become the strongest player in the wild.
- What role do you play? - Actually, I didn’t play very well.
I like to play the wind girl or help me. I can't CARRY my team.
The problem is coming. I am also the main play assistant. As an assistant, it is always difficult for CARRY to your team. This is a headache.
AD is also very tired because it is too hard to take me.
Good blue, thin, you are now gold 4, then when is platinum? Is this year going to be drilled this year?
Let’s go, okay, okay, you said 啥 啥
I interviewed you last time. In the past six months, more and more fans have floured on Ins and Twitter.
How do you see so many Western fans?
I am very happy. Actually, I don’t know that I am very happy in the West like Europe, North America, there are so many fans.
I think they like you very much. Do you have anything to say to these fans?
I hope they will like me and they will like me more and more year after year. I don't know how to say it.
You want them to like you and can continue to like you very well. This is very good. I like this answer.
Thank you for your interest in Travis's channel. Thank you for your attention to the channel of LC E-sports English. Thank you all.
The last thing I wish you a happy birthday - thank you - I know it was yesterday
Thank you so much, you are so good.
Why are you still shooting here? Are you waiting for me to sell my Travisgafford channel to the audience to make unscrupulous UP masters? Ke Ke
No need to use us, OK, no lights, you withdraw
let's go